[13.0][IMP] github_connector_odoo: Code analysis (#64)
OCA/interface-github: github_connector_odoo/readme/USAGE.rst

.. image:: /github_connector_odoo/static/description/odoo_python_libs.png

**Analysis source code**

Implements Analysis source code in odoo module versions, now add new field called "has_odoo_addons" (boolean) in Analysis rule that allow (if defined) analyze odoo_module_versions and save info about it

> In 'Repository Branch' / 'Code Analysis' show the info too related to Analysis rules odoo_module_versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Soource code analysis**

Implements Source code analysis odoo module versions, now addiing new field called "has_odoo_addons" (boolean) in Analysis rule that (if defined) allows to analyze odoo_module_versions and save info about it

In 'Repository Branch' / 'Code Analysis', shows the info related to odoo_module_versions rules analysis too.

```
